abstract  concept
academic  achievement
academic  career
academic  circles
academic  community
academic  debate
academic  discipline
academic  discourse
academic  institution
academic  journal
academic  life
academic  performance
academic  research
academic  skills
academic  study
academic  success
academic  work
academic  world
academic  writing
academic  year
accept  responsibility
acceptable  behaviour
accurate  assessment
accurate  description
accurate  information
accurate  measurement
accurate  picture
accurate  record
achieve (a) goal
achieve (an)  objective
achieve (an)  outcome
acquire knowledge
active  involvement
active  participant
active  participation
active  role
actively  involved
acutely aware
add information
additional  cost
additional  information
additional  problem
additional  resources
additional  support
address (an)  issue
administrative  practices
adopt (a) procedure
adopt (an)  approach
advanced  economy
advanced  technology
adverse effect
adverse reaction
adversely affect
affect (the)  outcome
affect (the)  development
allocate  resources
allow   access
almost  identical
alternative approach
alternative explanation
alternative form
alternative interpretation
alternative means
alternative method
alternative model
alternative solution
alternative source
alternative strategy
alternative view
alternative way
ample evidence
analytical  approach
analytical  tool
anecdotal evidence
annual  conference
annual  meeting
annual  rate
annual  report
annual  review
apply equally
apply (a) method
apply (the) theory
appropriate action
appropriate behaviour
appropriate conditions
appropriate data
appropriate form
appropriate language
appropriate level
appropriate point
appropriate response
appropriate skills
appropriate treatment
appropriate way
armed conflict
artificial  intelligence
assess (the)  impact
assessment  process
associated  factors
assume  responsibility
assume (the)  role
atomic  energy
attend (a)  conference
available data
available evidence
available information
available resources
average score
background  knowledge
basic assumption
basic component
basic concept
basic element
basic function
basic information
basic premise
basic principle
basic research
basic structure
basic technique
bear  resemblance
become  apparent
become  available
become  aware
become  blurred
become  established
become  evident
become  independent
become  involved
become  obvious
become  visible
become  widespread
become (a)  source
become (the)  focus
begin (a) process
behave  differently
beneficial  effect
best  described
binary  opposition
binary  system
biological  evolution
biological  science
biological  sex
brief account
brief description
brief discussion
brief history
brief introduction
brief overview
brief period
brief review
brief summary
brief time
briefly describe
briefly discuss
broad agreement
broad category
broad definition
broad range
broad spectrum
broader context
broadly defined
broadly similar
business  sector
business  transaction
capitalist  country
capitalist  economy
capitalist  society
capitalist  system
capitalist  world
career  development
career  opportunity
careful analysis
careful attention
careful consideration
careful thought
carefully controlled
carefully selected
carry information
carry out research
carry out (the) task
cast  doubt
causal  link
causal  relation
causal  relationship
cause consequences
cause stress
central authority
central concept
central concern
central control
central core
central feature
central focus
central government
central importance
central issue
central part
central point
central position
central problem
central question
central role
central tenet
central theme
certain aspect
certain assumptions
certain characteristics
certain circumstances
change  constantly
change  dramatically
change  rapidly
change (an) attitude
changing  attitudes
changing  circumstances
changing  nature
changing  needs
changing  pattern
changing  world
characteristic  feature
chemical  reaction
civil case
civil society
class consciousness
classic example
classic study
classic text
classic work
classical theory
clear boundary
clear distinction
clear evidence
clear focus
clear indication
clear relationship
clear statement
clear structure
clearly defined
clearly demonstrated
clearly established
clearly evident
clearly identified
clearly important
clearly related
clearly understand
clearly visible
climate change
climatic  conditions
close contact
close proximity
close relationship
close scrutiny
closely allied
closely associated
closely connected
closely linked
closely related
closely resemble
closely tied
closer  examination
closer  inspection
closer  look
cognitive ability
cognitive development
cognitive skills
collaborative learning
collect data
collect information
collective  action
collective  identity
collective  memory
combined  effect
come into conflict
come into   contact
commercial  activity
commercial  transaction
commit (a)  crime
commit (an) offence
common  ancestor
common  approach
common  assumption
common  characteristic
common  culture
common  error
common  feature
common  goal
common  method
common  source
common  theme
common  usage
commonly  accepted
commonly  associated
commonly  called
commonly  encountered
commonly  found
commonly  known
commonly  referred
commonly  used
communicate effectively
comparative analysis
comparative research
comparative study
compelling  argument
compelling  evidence
compelling  reason
competitive market
competitive pressure
complete (a)  task
complex area
complex interaction
complex issue
complex pattern
complex problem
complex process
complex question
complex relationship
complex set
complex situation
complex structure
complex system
comprehensive account
comprehensive approach
comprehensive overview
comprehensive review
comprehensive system
conceptual  framework
concerted effort
concluding  remarks
concluding  section
conditional   probability
conduct research
conduct (a) study
conduct (a) survey
conduct (an)  analysis
conduct (an)  interview
conflict  resolution
conflicting interests
consider  appropriate
consider  relevant
consider (a)  possibility
consider (an) aspect
consider (an) issue
consider (the)  impact
consider (the)  implications
consider (the)  role
considerable  amount
considerable  attention
considerable  debate
considerable  degree
considerable  detail
considerable  effort
considerable  evidence
considerable  extent
considerable  importance
considerable  influence
considerable  interest
considerable  research
considerable  support
considerable  variation
consistent  pattern
consistent  results
constant  rate
constituent elements
constituent parts
contain information
contain (an)  element
contemporary  debate
contemporary  issue
contemporary  life
contemporary  society
contemporary  world
contextual  factors
continued existence
continued growth
continued use
continuous  process
contribute  significantly
contribute to (the) development
controversial issue
conventional  view
conventional  wisdom
convey  information
convey  meaning
convey (a)  message
convincing  evidence
coping  strategy
core  area
core  element
core  issue
core  skills
core  value
correct interpretation
correct (an)  error
counter argument
cover (a) range
cover (a) topic
cover (an)  area
create  conditions
create  opportunities
create  problems
create (an) environment
create (an) impression
create (an) opportunity
creative  process
creative  thinking
creative  work
criminal  offence
critical  analysis
critical  approach
critical  attention
critical  essay
critical  evaluation
critical  examination
critical  factor
critical  importance
critical  inquiry
critical  introduction
critical  issue
critical  perspective
critical  point
critical  reflection
critical  review
critical  role
critical  scrutiny
critical  theory
critical  thinking
critical  writing
critically  evaluate
crucial difference
crucial factor
crucial importance
crucial part
crucial point
crucial question
crucial role
cultural  activity
cultural  aspect
cultural  attitudes
cultural  background
cultural  boundary
cultural  change
cultural  context
cultural  differences
cultural  dimension
cultural  diversity
cultural  factors
cultural  heritage
cultural  history
cultural  identity
cultural  influence
cultural  institution
cultural  issue
cultural  life
cultural  norm
cultural  perspective
cultural  phenomenon
cultural  practice
cultural  significance
cultural  theory
cultural  tradition
cultural  values
culturally  specific
current climate
current issue
current policy
current research
current status
current technology
current trend
currently available
daily living
data  gathering
data  set
deal (with an)  issue
deem  appropriate
deem  necessary
deep  understanding
deeper  level
deeply  embedded
deeply  rooted
defining  characteristic
defining  concept
defining  feature
deliberate  attempt
democratic  institution
democratic  process
democratic  society
democratic  state
demographic change
demographic characteristics
demographic factor
demonstrate competence
densely populated
deny  access
dependent variable
describe (a)  method
describe (a)  process
describe (a)  procedure
descriptive statistics
desired outcome
detailed  analysis
detailed  examination
detailed  information
detailed  study
develop (a) method
develop (a) strategy
develop (a) technique
develop (a) theory
develop (an)  approach
develop (an)  argument
developmental process
developmental stage
diagnostic  test
differ  considerably
differ  significantly
differ  widely
digital information
digital media
digital technology
direct  access
direct  communication
direct  consequences
direct  contact
direct  evidence
direct  impact
direct  involvement
direct  link
direct  observation
direct  relationship
direct  role
directly  affect
directly  affected
directly  connected
directly  involved
directly  linked
directly  linked
directly  proportional
directly  related
directly  responsible
disclose  information
discuss (a) topic
discuss (an)  issue
disposable  income
distinct  group
distinct  type
distinctive feature
distinguishing  feature
diverse background
diverse group
diverse range
dividing  line
documentary evidence
domestic  market
domestic  sphere
domestic  violence
dominant  culture
dominant  discourse
dominant  form
dominant  group
dominant  ideology
dominant  paradigm
dominant  position
dominant  role
dramatic  change
dramatic  effect
dramatic  increase
draw  attention
draw (a)  conclusion
draw (a)  distinction
draw (a)  line
driving force
due process
dynamic equilibrium
dynamic nature
dynamic process
dynamic system
earlier discussion
earlier period
earlier research
earlier stage
earlier study
earlier times
earlier version
earlier work
early decades
early study
easily  accessible
easily  identified
easily  understood
easy  access
economic  activity
economic  affairs
economic  analysis
economic  benefits
economic  change
economic  conditions
economic  consequences
economic  context
economic  crisis
economic  exploitation
economic  factors
economic  forces
economic  goal
economic  growth
economic  inequality
economic  integration
economic  interests
economic  policy
economic  power
economic  prosperity
economic  reform
economic  relations
economic  relationships
economic  resources
economic  sector
economic  stability
economic  status
economic  structure
economic  success
economic  system
economic  theory
economic  value
economic  welfare
educational institution
educational opportunity
educational policy
educational programme
educational provision
educational qualification
educational research
educational setting
educational system
effective communication
effective implementation
effective intervention
effective management
effective method
effective participation
effective policy
effective treatment
electronic  access
electronic  communication
electronic  media
electronic  resources
electronic  version
emotional impact
emotional intelligence
emotional reaction
emotional response
emotional support
empirical data
empirical evidence
empirical investigation
empirical research
empirical study
empirical support
empirical work
employ (a)  method
employ (a)  technique
employment  opportunities
encounter difficulties
encounter problems
encourage (the) development
engage in (an)  activity
enhance learning
enhance performance
enormous  amount
enormous  impact
entire  period
entire  range
entirely  clear
entirely  different
entirely  new
environmental changes
environmental concern
environmental consequences
environmental damage
environmental degradation
environmental effects
environmental factors
environmental impact
environmental issues
environmental policy
environmental pollution
environmental protection
equal access
equal opportunity
equal status
equal treatment
equally important
equally likely
equally true
equally valid
essential component
essential element
essential feature
essential function
essential information
essential role
establish (a) relationship
established order
established practice
established principle
ethical consideration
ethical dilemma
ethical issue
ethical principle
ethical problem
ethical question
ethnic  community
ethnic  differences
ethnic  diversity
ethnic  group
ethnic  identity
ethnic  minority
ethnic  origin
ever  changing
ever  increasing
evolutionary  process
evolutionary  theory
examine (the) role
exceptional case
exceptional circumstances
exercise  authority
existing  data
existing  research
existing  structure
expand  rapidly
experience  difficulties
experience  problems
experiential  learning
experimental  conditions
experimental  data
experimental  design
experimental  evidence
experimental  method
experimental  research
experimental  results
experimental  study
experimental  work
expert  opinion
explanatory power
explore further
explore (an)  issue
extended  period
extensive research
extensively used
external  environment
external  factors
external  forces
external  influences
external  source
external  threat
external  world
extract data
extract information
extremely complex
extremely powerful
extremely sensitive
extremely useful
extremely valuable
face  difficulties
face  discrimination
face (a)  challenge
face (a)  dilemma
face (a)  problem
facial  expression
facilitate (the)  development
factual information
fair  treatment
fairly  clear
fairly  common
fairly  obvious
fairly  straightforward
fall into (the)   category
far removed
federal agency
federal government
federal state
feminist  movement
field research
final analysis
final answer
final chapter
final decision
final outcome
final phase
final point
final position
final product
final result
final section
final stage
final step
final version
financial affairs
financial assistance
financial institution
financial management
financial market
financial problem
financial resources
financial support
find  evidence
find  information
finite  number
firmly  established
first author
first contact
first draft
first encounter
first generation
first impression
first phase
first priority
flexible  approach
focal point
focus attention
focus on (an) aspect
follow (a)  format
follow (a)  procedure
follow  instructions
following chapter
foreign currency
foreign investment
foreign investor
foreign policy
formal  structure
free  access
free  movement
freely  available
frequently  cited
frequently  found
frequently  referred
frequently  used
fulfil (an) obligation
full  analysis
full  employment
full  information
full  participation
full  potential
full  range
fuller  discussion
fully aware
fully developed
fully informed
fully integrated
fully realized
fully understand
functional  requirement
fundamental aspect
fundamental assumption
fundamental change
fundamental component
fundamental difference
fundamental importance
fundamental principle
fundamental problem
fundamental question
fundamentally different
further analysis
further consideration
further development
further divided
further evidence
further explanation
further information
further investigation
further research
further study
future  development
future  prospects
future  research
future  study
gain  access
gain  information
gain  insight
gather  data
gather  information
gender  equality
gender  stereotype
general agreement
general approach
general argument
general aspect
general category
general conclusion
general consensus
general definition
general feature
general formula
general overview
general principle
general statement
general tendency
general theory
general trend
generally accepted
generally agree
generally assumed
generally considered
generally found
generally known
genetic variation
geographic(al)  area
geographic(al)  distribution
geographic(al)  location
get involved
give  access
give  consent
give  consideration
give  emphasis
give  evidence
give  feedback
give  priority
give  guidance
give  information
give  insight
give (a)  presentation
give (an) explanation
give (an) indication
give (an) overview
give (sb an)  impression
give (sb) treatment
given information
given period
global  capitalism
global  context
global  culture
global  economy
global  issue
global  market
global  marketplace
global  media
global  network
global  perspective
global  shift
global  structure
global  trade
global  village
government  control
government  department
government  expenditure
government  intervention
government  policy
graphical representation
great accuracy
great diversity
great impact
great majority
great potential
great proportion
great range
great significance
greater autonomy
greater awareness
greater emphasis
greater equality
greater flexibility
greater likelihood
greatly enhance
greatly increase
greatly influenced
greatly reduced
grow  rapidly
growing awareness
growing trend
guiding principle
hardly  surprising
have  access
have  consequences
have  limitations
have  potential
have (a)  strategy
have (a)  tendency
have (an) obligation
heated  debate
heavily influenced
hierarchical  structure
high  concentration
high  correlation
high  expectations
high  incidence
high  intensity
high  level
high  order
high  percentage
high  priority
high  probability
high  profile
high  proportion
high  quality
high  rate
high  score
high  standard
high  status
high  turnover
high  unemployment
high  value
high/er frequency
higher  degree
higher  education
highly  charged
highly  competitive
highly  complex
highly  controversial
highly  correlated
highly  critical
highly  dependent
highly  desirable
highly  developed
highly  educated
highly  effective
highly  efficient
highly  influential
highly  likely
highly  problematic
highly  relevant
highly  selective
highly  sensitive
highly  significant
highly  skilled
highly  sophisticated
highly  structured
highly  successful
highly  unlikely
highly  valued
highly  variable
historical  account
historical  analysis
historical  background
historical  change
historical  circumstances
historical  context
historical  data
historical  development
historical  event
historical  evidence
historical  factors
historical  interpretation
historical  knowledge
historical  period
historical  perspective
historical  reality
historical  record
historical  roots
historical  study
historical  writing
historically  specific
hold (a)  conference
holistic  approach
homogeneous group
huge  amount
human activity
human behaviour
human interaction
human society
human species
ideally suited
identify  factors
identify  features
identify (a)  problem
identify (a)  way
identify (an) area
identify (an) issue
immediate environment
immediately apparent
immediately following
immediately obvious
immediately preceding
imported  goods
imported  products
impose  constraints
impose  limitations
impose  restrictions
improved  performance
increase  awareness
increase  dramatically
increase (the)  likelihood
increased awareness
increased competition
increased demand
increased importance
increased interest
increased level
increased number
increased pressure
increased production
increased productivity
increased risk
increasing  awareness
increasing  complexity
increasing  demand
increasing  emphasis
increasing  importance
increasing  interest
increasing  pressure
increasing  proportion
increasing  tendency
increasing  trend
increasingly  aware
increasingly  common
increasingly  complex
increasingly  difficult
increasingly  important
increasingly  popular
increasingly  sophisticated
independent state
independent variable
indigenous  people
indigenous  population
individual  behaviour
individual  case
individual  characteristics
individual  choice
individual  component
individual  differences
individual  element
individual  experience
individual  interests
individual  item
individual  needs
individual  response
individual  responsibility
individual  rights
individual  variable
individual  variation
industrial  capitalism
industrial  country
industrial  development
industrial  production
industrial  society
industrialized  country
industrialized  nation
inextricably  linked
infinite  number
information flow
information gathering
information processing
information retrieval
information sharing
informed  consent
initial period
initial phase
initial position
initial research
initial stage
institutional arrangement
institutional context
institutional framework
institutional structure
institutional support
integral  part
integrated  approach
integrated  system
intellectual  property
intellectual  work
intensive study
interested  party
internal  affairs
internal  conflict
internal  control
internal  market
internal  organ
internal  structure
international agreement
international body
international community
international conference
international context
international journal
international organization
international treaty
internet  access
interpersonal relationships
interpersonal skills
interpret data
intimate  relationship
intimately  connected
intrinsic value
introduce legislation
introductory  chapter
introductory  section
introductory  text
keenly  aware
key area
key aspect
key characteristic
key component
key concept
key element
key factor
key feature
key findings
key issue
key objective
key player
key policy
key principle
key role
key source
key text
key theme
key topic
large majority
large percentage
large portion
large proportion
large quantities
large range
largely based
largely confined
largely determined
largely ignored
largely responsible
later work
later writings
lead to (the) conclusion
leading role
learning  activity
learning  difficulties
learning  environment
learning  objective
learning  outcome
learning  process
learning  resources
learning  strategy
legal action
legal basis
legal framework
legal issue
legal obligation
legal position
legal proceedings
legal protection
legal requirement
legal right
legal rule
legal status
legal system
legislative measures
legislative power
liberal democracy
lifelong  learning
likely  impact
likely  outcome
limited access
limited capacity
limited information
limited opportunity
limited range
limited resources
linear  relationship
literal interpretation
literal meaning
literal sense
literary  text
literary  tradition
little  evidence
little  impact
little  information
little  research
little  significance
living  conditions
living  organism
living  standard
local area
local authority
local circumstances
local community
local culture
local economy
local government
logical approach
logical argument
logical conclusion
long  duration
long  established
longitudinal  study
low income
low intensity
low level
low percentage
low priority
low probability
low profile
low quality
low status
low turnover
low unemployment
low/er  frequency
lower class
main  area
main  argument
main  category
main  characteristics
main  component
main  element
main  factor
main  feature
main  findings
main  focus
main  function
main  issue
main  principle
main  source
main  task
main  theme
mainly  concerned
maintain  contact
major advantage
major area
major cause
major challenge
major change
major component
major concern
major contribution
major decision
major difference
major factor
major feature
major focus
major impact
major implications
major influence
major issue
major part
major problem
major reason
major role
major shift
major source
major theme
make  adjustments
make  arrangements
make  available
make  aware
make  contact
make (a)  contribution
make  explicit
make  policy
make  provision
make  visible
make (a)  comment
make (a)  distinction
make (a)  living
make (a)  prediction
make (a)  recommendation
make (a)  statement
make (a)  transition
make (an) argument
make (an) assessment
make (an) assumption
make (an) impact
make (an) impression
make (an) observation
make(a) judgement
male  dominance
manual  worker
manufacturing sector
marked  contrast
markedly  different
maximum duration
mean  score
meaningful  way
media coverage
medical assistance
medical treatment
meet  criteria
meet  expectations
meet (a)  requirement
meet (a)  target
meet (an) objective
mental  health
mental  illness
mental  state
methodological  approach
methodological  issue
methodological  problem
metropolitan  area
middle  income
middle  management
migrant worker
military  action
military  force
military  power
military  service
minimum level
minimum requirement
minimum standard
minimum value
minimum wage
minor change
minor role
minority  group
missing data
modern  culture
modern  method
modern  society
modern  technology
modified  form
modified  version
moral dilemma
moral philosophy
moral principle
multiple  identities
multiple  sources
municipal government
mutual  recognition
mutual  support
mutual  trust
mutual  understanding
mutually  exclusive
narrow  definition
narrow  range
national  average
national  boundary
national  conference
national  culture
national  economy
national  government
national  identity
national  income
national  institution
national  interest
national  language
national  legislation
national  market
national  media
national  movement
national  policy
national  press
national  security
national  survey
native  speaker
natural conditions
natural disaster
natural environment
natural history
natural language
natural law
natural order
natural philosophy
natural process
natural resources
natural right
natural science
natural tendency
natural world
naturally occurring
necessary information
negative  aspect
negative  attitude
negative  connotation
negative  consequences
negative  correlation
negative  effect
negative  feedback
negative  impact
negative  outcome
negative  side
negative  stereotype
negative  value
negative  view
negatively  correlated
new initiative
new insight
new perspective
newly acquired
newly created
newly discovered
newly emerging
newly established
newly formed
next  decade
next  generation
next  phase
normal  conditions
normal  development
normal  distribution
normal  practice
notable exception
nuclear energy
nuclear family
nuclear power
nuclear war
nuclear weapon
numerical data
numerical value
numerous  studies
objective criteria
objective reality
obtain  data
obtain  information
obtain (a)  result
obvious difference
obvious example
obvious point
obvious reason
occur frequently
occur naturally
offer insight
offer (an)  opportunity
official  statistics
once  established
ongoing debate
ongoing process
online  access
online  database
online  journal
online  version
open  access
opening chapter
opening section
opinion leader
optimal solution
oral  history
oral  presentation
organising  principle
organizational  structure
original  author
original  context
original  data
original  intent
original  meaning
original  model
original  position
original  research
original  source
original  text
original  version
original  work
originally  developed
originally  intended
overall aim
overall effect
overall level
overall performance
overall picture
overall rate
overall structure
overwhelming  majority
paid  employment
paramount importance
particular  area
particular  aspect
particular  emphasis
particular  feature
particular  focus
particular  individual
particular  meaning
particularly  acute
particularly  apparent
particularly  appropriate
particularly  concerned
particularly  effective
particularly  evident
particularly  influential
particularly  relevant
particularly  sensitive
particularly  significant
particularly  striking
particularly  successful
particularly  suited
particularly  useful
particularly  valuable
partly  responsible
party leader
past  research
peace treaty
perceived importance
perceived need
perceived threat
perform (a) function
perform (a) study
perform (a) task
personal  choice
personal  circumstances
personal  communication
personal  contact
personal  control
personal  experience
personal  information
personal  interest
personal  knowledge
personal  quality
personal  relationship
personal  responsibility
personal  safety
personal  space
physical  activity
physical  appearance
physical  characteristics
physical  contact
physical  development
physical  environment
physical  features
physical  health
physical  needs
physical  presence
physical  properties
physical  proximity
physical  science
physical  space
physical  symptom
physical  world
pilot study
pioneering  work
pivotal role
place   emphasis
planning  stage
plausible explanation
play (a)  role
political activism
political activity
political agenda
political arena
political authority
political circumstances
political climate
political conflict
political consciousness
political consensus
political consequences
political consideration
political context
political culture
political debate
political dimension
political economy
political environment
political factors
political identity
political ideology
political implications
political instability
political institution
political leader
political mobilization
political movement
political organization
political participation
political party
political philosophy
political reality
political reform
political representation
political significance
political spectrum
political stability
political status
political structure
politically correct
politically motivated
poorly  understood
popular culture
popular media
pose (a)  challenge
pose (a)  problem
pose (a)  question
pose (a)  threat
positive  action
positive  aspect
positive  attitude
positive  connotation
positive  correlation
positive  discrimination
positive  effect
positive  feature
positive  feedback
positive  image
positive  impact
positive  influence
positive  outcome
positive  relationship
positive  result
positive  value
positive  view
positively  associated
positively  correlated
possible  consequences
possible  explanation
possible  outcome
possible  source
potential benefits
potential conflict
potential customer
potential harm
potential impact
potential problem
potential risk
potential source
potential value
potentially dangerous
powerful  force
powerful  group
powerful  influence
powerful  tool
practical consideration
practical difficulties
practical issue
practical significance
preceding chapter
preceding discussion
preceding section
precise definition
precise nature
predictive  power
preferential  treatment
preliminary data
preliminary findings
preliminary result
premature death
present context
present data
present difficulties
present evidence
present (a) challenge
present (a) summary
present (an)  argument
presidential  election
previous  chapter
previous  decade
previous  discussion
previous  experience
previous  generation
previous  knowledge
previous  paragraph
previous  part
previous  research
previous  section
previous  study
previous  work
previously  described
previously  discussed
previously  known
previously  mentioned
previously  thought
primarily concerned
primarily responsible
primary aim
primary care
primary concern
primary data
primary education
primary focus
primary function
primary objective
primary purpose
primary reason
primary research
primary responsibility
primary source
primary task
prime example
prime time
principal source
prior experience
prior knowledge
private individual
private investment
private sector
private sphere
privileged  position
problem area
process data
process information
professional  activity
professional  body
professional  colleague
professional  development
professional  experience
professional  knowledge
professional  practice
professional  qualification
professional  staff
professional  standard
professional  status
professional  support
professional  training
professional  work
profound  effect
profound  impact
prominent feature
prominent member
prominent role
promote equality
promote (the) development
properly  understood
proposed  legislation
prove successful
prove useful
provide access
provide assistance
provide care
provide context
provide coverage
provide data
provide evidence
provide feedback
provide guidance
provide information
provide material
provide resources
provide support
provide   feedback
provide   insight
provide (a) benefit
provide (a) clue
provide (a) focus
provide (a) foundation
provide (a) service
provide (a) source
provide (a) summary
provide (an)  alternative
provide (an)  example
provide (an)  explanation
provide (an)  illustration
provide (an)  indication
provide (an)  opportunity
provide (an)  overview
public  access
public  administration
public  attitudes
public  authority
public  awareness
public  debate
public  discourse
public  display
public  domain
public  expenditure
public  funds
public  image
public  institution
public  perception
public  policy
public  sector
public  sphere
public  transport
public  welfare
publicly  available
publish research
publish (a) journal
publish (a) report
publish (an)  article
published literature
published material
published research
published work
purchasing  power
qualitative analysis
qualitative approach
qualitative data
qualitative method
qualitative research
qualitative study
qualitatively different
quantitative  analysis
quantitative  approach
quantitative  data
quantitative  method
quantitative  research
quantitative  result
quantitative  study
racial  differences
racial  discrimination
racial  equality
racial  group
racial  stereotype
radical change
radical critique
radical differences
radical transformation
radically different
raise awareness
raise (a) question
raise (an)  issue
random  error
random  sample
random  variable
randomly  assigned
randomly  chosen
randomly  selected
rapid expansion
rapidly changing
rapidly growing
raw data
reach (a) consensus
reach (a) peak
reach (an)  agreement
readily accessible
readily available
readily understood
ready access
real  issue
receive feedback
receive information
receive treatment
recent  decades
recent  evidence
recent  research
recent  study
recent  survey
reciprocal  relationship
record  data
recurrent theme
reduce  emissions
reduce  stress
reduce (the)  likelihood
reflective  practice
reflective  question
regional  development
regional  differences
regional  variation
regulatory  agency
regulatory  framework
related activity
related area
related aspect
related factor
related information
related issue
related problem
related question
related topic
relative  autonomy
relative  merits
relative  status
relatively  common
relatively  constant
relatively  few
relatively  high
relatively  little
relatively  low
relatively  minor
relatively  rare
relatively  recent
relatively  simple
relatively  stable
relatively  straightforward
relevant  data
relevant  factors
relevant  information
relevant  issue
relevant  literature
relevant  material
reliable  data
reliable  information
religious belief
religious faith
religious freedom
religious group
religious identity
religious movement
religious practice
rely  heavily
remain  constant
remain  stable
remain  unchanged
remain  unclear
remarkably  similar
renewable energy
renewed interest
report  data
report  findings
representative  government
require consideration
require knowledge
require resources
research  effort
research  evidence
research  findings
research  methodology
research  purposes
research  topic
resolve (a) conflict
resolve (a) dispute
respond appropriately
review (a)  study
revised edition
revised version
rich  source
rising  cost
risk  assessment
roughly equal
roughly equivalent
ruling  class
ruling  party
rural area
rural community
rural economy
rural population
rural society
safe  sex
salient characteristic
salient feature
scarce  resources
schematic representation
scholarly journal
scholarly literature
scholarly research
scholarly work
scientific  community
scientific  discourse
scientific  evidence
scientific  investigation
scientific  method
scientific  objectivity
scientific  research
scientific  theory
secondary data
secondary education
secondary source
security  policy
seek  help
seek  information
seem  appropriate
seem  obvious
seem  plausible
seem  unlikely
seminal study
seminal work
senior  management
separate  entity
serious challenge
serious consequences
serious offence
serve (a) function
service sector
set (a) goal
set (a) target
set (an)  objective
set (the) agenda
set (the) parameters
severely  affect
sexual  abuse
sexual  act
sexual  behaviour
sexual  contact
sexual  difference
sexual  exploitation
sexual  identity
sexual  intercourse
sexual  orientation
sexual  violence
share information
shared  experience
shared  meaning
shared  values
sharp contrast
sharp distinction
shift   emphasis
short duration
short period
show  evidence
show  variation
show (a)  tendency
show (a)  trend
sign (a)  treaty
significant amount
significant change
significant contribution
significant correlation
significant correlation
significant degree
significant development
significant difference
significant effect
significant factor
significant feature
significant figures
significant growth
significant impact
significant improvement
significant increase
significant influence
significant interaction
significant number
significant part
significant portion
significant proportion
significant reduction
significant relationship
significant role
significant shift
significant variation
significantly affect
significantly correlated
significantly higher
significantly increase
significantly reduced
similar approach
similar argument
similar characteristics
similar effect
similar issue
similar pattern
similar properties
similar result
similar situation
simple  majority
simplified  version
single  currency
single  element
single  entity
single  individual
single  issue
single  source
single  variable
skilled worker
slightly  different
slightly  higher
slow  process
small fraction
small minority
small percentage
small portion
small proportion
small quantities
social  activity
social  aspect
social  attitudes
social  background
social  behaviour
social  circumstances
social  conflict
social  consequences
social  construct
social  contact
social  context
social  democracy
social  dimension
social  environment
social  equality
social  exclusion
social  expectations
social  factors
social  function
social  identity
social  implications
social  inequality
social  institution
social  integration
social  interaction
social  isolation
social  mobility
social  movement
social  norm
social  organization
social  phenomenon
social  policy
social  reform
social  relationship
social  responsibility
social  setting
social  significance
social  status
social  structure
social  theory
social  transformation
social  trend
social  welfare
socially  acceptable
socially  constructed
socially  desirable
socially  responsible
socioeconomic status
solar energy
solar panel
solar power
solar system
source  material
sovereign state
sparsely  populated
special circumstances
special emphasis
special issue
special relationship
special status
specific  area
specific  aspect
specific  case
specific  characteristic
specific  context
specific  example
specific  factor
specific  feature
specific  focus
specific  form
specific  function
specific  information
specific  issue
specific  knowledge
specific  meaning
specific  needs
specific  problem
specific  purpose
specific  question
specific  reference
specific  sense
specific  type
specifically  designed
standard  approach
standard  error
standard  format
standard  method
stark contrast
start (a) process
state explicitly
state sector
statistical analysis
statistical data
statistical information
statistical method
statistical significance
statistical technique
statistical test
statistically significant
store data
store information
strategic decision
strategic importance
strategic management
strategic objective
strategic planning
stress  level
striking  contrast
striking  example
striking  feature
strong  bond
strong  correlation
strong  emphasis
strong  evidence
strong  link
strong  reaction
strong  relationship
strong  tendency
strongly  agree
strongly  associated
strongly  correlated
strongly  disagree
strongly  influenced
strongly  linked
strongly  opposed
strongly  related
strongly  suggest
structural  adjustment
structural  change
structural  element
structural  feature
structural  properties
subject area
subsequent  analysis
subsequent  chapter
subsequent  development
subsequent  study
subsequent  work
substantial amount
substantial difference
substantial evidence
substantial number
substantial part
substantially different
successful  implementation
sufficient  condition
sufficient  detail
sufficient  evidence
sufficient  information
sufficient  resources
superior  performance
support (an)  argument
supporting  evidence
survey  data
symbiotic relationship
systematic  analysis
systematic  approach
systematic  study
tacit knowledge
take  initiative
take  precedence
take  responsibility
take (a)  role
take (an) approach
take into consideration
take on (the) role  role
take up (the) role
target  audience
teaching  strategy
technical aspect
technical assistance
technical detail
technical expertise
technical issue
technical knowledge
technical problem
technical skill
technical support
technical term
technological advances
technological change
technological development
technological innovation
technological progress
test  score
test (a)  theory
textual analysis
thematic  analysis
theoretical analysis
theoretical approach
theoretical basis
theoretical concept
theoretical debate
theoretical framework
theoretical issue
theoretical model
theoretical perspective
theoretical study
theoretical understanding
theoretical work
think differently
thinking  process
third party
thought process
tightly controlled
top management
total income
totally different
traditional approach
traditional culture
traditional form
traditional method
traditional practice
traditional research
traditional society
traditional value
traditional view
transferable  skill
transmit  data
transmit  information
transport system
treat differently
treat equally
typical example
ultimate  goal
undergo transformation
underlying  assumption
underlying  cause
underlying  principle
underlying  process
underlying  reason
underlying  structure
undertake research
undertake work
undertake (an)  activity
unequal power
unfair  treatment
unintended  consequences
unique  individual
unique  opportunity
unique  position
universally accepted
unlimited access
unskilled worker
urban area
urban centre
urban design
urban development
urban environment
use criteria
use effectively
use resources
use sparingly
use statistics
use (a) format
use (a) method
use (a) methodology
use (a) procedure
use (a) source
use (a) strategy
use (a) technique
use (a) theory
use (an)  approach
use (the) analysis
use (the) definition
use (the) concept concept
use (the) data  data
useful  information
useful  material
useful  means
useful  source
useful  summary
useful  tool
valid argument
valuable  information
valuable  resources
various aspects
vary  considerably
vary  greatly
vary  significantly
vary  widely
varying degree
vast  amount
vast  area
vast  array
vast  majority
vast  number
vast  quantities
vast  range
verbal  communication
verbal  language
vested  interest
virtual community
virtually impossible
visual  image
visual  media
visual  perception
visual  representation
vital importance
vital part
vital role
vulnerable  group
welfare reform
well  aware
well  designed
well  documented
well  educated
well  established
well  received
western democracy
western society
western tradition
whole area
whole period
whole range
wide  area
wide  array
wide  range
wide  variation
widely  accepted
widely  adopted
widely  available
widely  believed
widely  different
widely  discussed
widely  dispersed
widely  distributed
widely  known
widely  read
widely  recognized
widely  regarded
widely  shared
widely  used
wider audience
wider community
wider context
wider implications
wider issue
wider public
wider society
widespread  acceptance
widespread  belief
widespread  support
widespread  use
work  effectively
written comment
written communication
written statement
younger generation